Update changelog for v`10.2.0` (#12185)
MetaMask/metamask-extension: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

## [10.2.0]
### Added

> - [#12066](https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-extension/pull/12066): Integrating new TokenRatesController to expand fiat conversion rates for some non-Mainnet networks

Reviewer: For a user facing description for 12066, perhaps "Enable fit conversion rates for primary currencies on some non-Mainnet networks"

Reviewer 2: I suppose you meant "Enable _fiat_ conversion rates"? It might be best to drop "fiat", as some of our primary currency choices aren't fiat.

Author: Updated this to "Enable token conversion rates for primary currencies on some non-Mainnet networks"

> - [#12110](https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-extension/pull/12110): Add search tab in import tokens for custom networks

Reviewer: For "Add search tab in import tokens for custom networks" and "Add `Refresh list`", these will be hidden if the toggle added with "Add Token Detection Toggle to Security & Privacy (Settings)" is turned off. Also, if that toggle is turned on, users will have more tokens detected auto-detected.

Someone we need to represent that the features hidden behind the toggle are experimental and toggled off by default, and that the toggle exists just to turn on those features.

Reviewer 2: This is one of the reasons I prefer the format of listing related PRs at the end of the change entry, so that we can explain related changes together, and add qualifiers as sub-bullet points.

If we're set on continuing to use this format, we could add a qualifier about the toggle under each change this applies to.

Author: I think for now what @Gudahtt suggested about adding qualifiers makes the most sense until we change up the format of these entries, wdyt?

Reviewer: @ryanml @Gudahtt that makes sense

Author: Qualifiers added, let me know how that looks for those items

- [#11798](https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-extension/pull/11798): Add fake token warning and replacing `Add Token` labels with `Import Tokens`
- [#11755](https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-extension/pull/11755): Add `Refresh list` and `import tokens` link to the main page
- [#11851](https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-extension/pull/11851): Add Token Detection Toggle to Security & Privacy (Settings)

> - [#11845](https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-extension/pull/11845): Add support for Swaps via a direct contract for wrapping and unwrapping

Reviewer: I might put 11845 under "Changed" and describe it as "Wrapping and unwrapping native currencies (e.g. ETH -> WETH)  through Swaps now uses the wrapping contracts directly"

Author: updated

- [#12042](https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-extension/pull/12042): Add Max Fee Per Gas to transaction breakdown

> - [#11999](https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-extension/pull/11999): Add eth_feeHistory to safe method list

Reviewer: Maybe "Add eth_feeHistory to safe method list" should be "Add eth_feeHistory to API callable by dapps"

Author: updated

- [#11849](https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-extension/pull/11849): Add subtitles for additional languages (Secret Recovery Phrase Video)

> - [#11772](https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-extension/pull/11772): Add tooltip for negative gas timing

Reviewer: Maybe change "Add tooltip for negative gas timing" to "Add tooltip to better explain possible effects of setting gas fees below MetaMask's estimates"

Author: updated

### Changed

> - [#12019](https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-extension/pull/12019): Show local nicknames on confirmation screen when invoking a contract method

Reviewer: I think "Show local nicknames on confirmation screen when invoking a contract method" should be "Show the user's address book name for a contract, instead of the contract address, when on the confirmation screen"

Author: updated

- [#11915](https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-extension/pull/11915): Improved time to see Swaps quotes
- [#11802](https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-extension/pull/11802): Replace hardcoded sent ether label on confirmation screen

> - [#11982](https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-extension/pull/11982): Sort contacts alphabetically

Reviewer: "Sort contacts alphabetically" -> "Sort addresses within letter groups in address book / contacts alphabetically"

Author: updated

- [#12000](https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-extension/pull/12000): Autofilling new issue link with url and domain (Phishing detect page)
- [#11964](https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-extension/pull/11964): Disabled spell-check on ens input
- [#12013](https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-extension/pull/12013): Improving warning text for eth_sign transactions
- [#11945](https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-extension/pull/11945): Send user to account page upon adding a custom network
- [#11895](https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-extension/pull/11895): Update header on Send page from `Add Recipient` -> `Send to`
- [#11850](https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-extension/pull/11850): Use "Secret Recovery Phrase" text throughout the onboarding flow
- [#11795](https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-extension/pull/11795): Autofocus the unit field in send screen
- [#11889](https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-extension/pull/11889): Update gas controls copy
- [#11805](https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-extension/pull/11805): Update tooltip text for gas fees
- [#11796](https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-extension/pull/11796): Update Max Fee label in the edit gas display

### Fixed

> - [#12140](https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-extension/pull/12140): Fixed `BigNumber` error in the max priority fee field

Author: updated

- [#12169](https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-extension/pull/12169): Fixed erroneous ERC-20 Token amount on the confirmation screen

> - [#12056](https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-extension/pull/12056): Fixed duplicate cancel buttons on send screen when in editing stage

Author: updated

- [#12074](https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-extension/pull/12074): Fixed the addition of a duplicate, zero-balance account after importing a wallet with seed phrase
- [#11944](https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-extension/pull/11944): Fixed import account page layout
- [#11967](https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-extension/pull/11967): Fixed contact settings layout issues

> - [#12122](https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-extension/pull/12122): Fixed issue with stuck speedup transactions

Reviewer: "Fixed issue with stuck speedup transactions" -> "Fixed stuck speedup transactions caused by prior failed speed up attempts"

Author: updated

## [Unreleased]

## [10.2.0]
### Added
- [#12066](https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-extension/pull/12066): Enable token conversion rates for primary currencies on some non-Mainnet networks
- [#12110](https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-extension/pull/12110): Add search tab in import tokens for custom networks
  - Tab will be hidden when the `Use Token Detection` setting is disabled
- [#11798](https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-extension/pull/11798): Add fake token warning and replacing `Add Token` labels with `Import Tokens`
- [#11755](https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-extension/pull/11755): Add `Refresh list` and `import tokens` link to the main page
  - Links will be hidden when the `Use Token Detection` setting is disabled

> - [#11851](https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-extension/pull/11851): Add Token Detection Toggle to Security & Privacy (Settings)

Author: I think per @danjm's comment we'll need a qualifier under this too, any verbiage suggestions? cc: @Gudahtt

Reviewer 2: Maybe something like "This feature is experimental and is off by default".

Author: How about: `This feature is experimental and is off by default, when enabled, it will add auto-detected tokens to a user's asset list`?

Author: that or some other description of what it does

Reviewer 2: Sure, that sounds fine

Author: done

## [Unreleased]

## [10.2.0]
### Added
- [#12066](https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-extension/pull/12066): Enable token conversion rates for primary currencies on some non-Mainnet networks

> - [#12110](https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-extension/pull/12110): Add search tab in import tokens for custom networks

Reviewer 2: Suggested re-wording:
```suggestion
- [#12110](https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-extension/pull/12110): Enable search tab on "Import Tokens" page on supported custom networks
```

  - Tab will be hidden when the `Use Token Detection` setting is disabled

> - [#11798](https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-extension/pull/11798): Add fake token warning and replacing `Add Token` labels with `Import Tokens`

Reviewer 2: The user-facing change here is to rename the page. Suggested re-wording:
```suggestion
- [#11798](https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-extension/pull/11798): Add warning about fake tokens, and rename `Add Token` page to `Import Tokens`
```

> - [#11755](https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-extension/pull/11755): Add `Refresh list` and `import tokens` link to the main page
>   - Links will be hidden when the `Use Token Detection` setting is disabled

Reviewer 2: The change from "Add Tokens" to "Import Tokens" is kinda implied by the #11798 entry, even if the change happened here :thinking: I think we can omit that part for the sake of simplifying this description. Right now this is incorrect - it wasn't _added_ here, we just changed the copy. That makes the qualifier incorrect as well ("Import tokens" is always shown).

This would straighten both issues out though:
```suggestion
- [#11755](https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-extension/pull/11755): Add `Refresh list` button to the main page
  - This button is shown only when the `Use Token Detection` setting is disabled
```

> - [#11851](https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-extension/pull/11851): Add Token Detection Toggle to Security & Privacy (Settings)

Reviewer 2: This was moved to a new "Experimental" tab in #12136.

```suggestion
- [#11851](https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-extension/pull/11851): Add Token Detection toggle to experimental settings
```

  - This feature is experimental and is off by default, when enabled, it will add auto-detected tokens to a user's asset list
- [#12042](https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-extension/pull/12042): Add Max Fee Per Gas to transaction breakdown
- [#11999](https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-extension/pull/11999): Add eth_feeHistory to API callable by dapps
- [#11849](https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-extension/pull/11849): Add subtitles for additional languages (Secret Recovery Phrase Video)
- [#11772](https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-extension/pull/11772): Add tooltip to better explain possible effects of setting gas fees below MetaMask's estimates

### Changed
- [#12019](https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-extension/pull/12019): Show the user's address book name for a contract, instead of the contract address, when on the confirmation screen
- [#11915](https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-extension/pull/11915): Improved time to see Swaps quotes

> - [#11802](https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-extension/pull/11802): Replace hardcoded sent ether label on confirmation screen

Reviewer 2: This seems more like a bug fix to me.  Also I'd re-word it to make it clearer what changed.

Maybe something like this:
```suggestion
- [#11802](https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-extension/pull/11802): Display the correct currency symbol in function type label for simple send transactions on custom networks
```

Seems a bit wordy :thinking: I struggled with this one.

> - [#11982](https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-extension/pull/11982): Sort addresses within letter groups in address book / contacts alphabetically

Reviewer 2: We don't use the term "address book" anywhere in the UI. It's just called "Contacts". Also, it's contacts that we're sorting here, not addresses.

```suggestion
- [#11982](https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-extension/pull/11982): Sort contacts alphabetically in contact list.
```
or
```suggestion
- [#11982](https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-extension/pull/11982): Sort contacts alphabetically within each letter group in the contact list.
```

Author: went with the second suggestion here

> - [#12000](https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-extension/pull/12000): Autofilling new issue link with url and domain (Phishing detect page)

Reviewer 2: The tense was wrong here, and I found the wording a bit confusing

```suggestion
- [#12000](https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-extension/pull/12000): Include the blocked URL in the link to report an incorrectly blocked page.
```

> - [#11964](https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-extension/pull/11964): Disabled spell-check on ens input

Reviewer 2: Probably more understandable if we call it the address input. It's called the ENS input in the code, but in the UI we use it whenever we want to accept an address.

```suggestion
- [#11964](https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-extension/pull/11964): Disable spell-check in the address input
```

- [#12013](https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-extension/pull/12013): Improving warning text for eth_sign transactions
- [#11945](https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-extension/pull/11945): Send user to account page upon adding a custom network
- [#11895](https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-extension/pull/11895): Update header on Send page from `Add Recipient` -> `Send to`
- [#11850](https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-extension/pull/11850): Use "Secret Recovery Phrase" text throughout the onboarding flow

> - [#11795](https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-extension/pull/11795): Autofocus the unit field in send screen

Reviewer 2: This is called the "amount" field in the UI.
```suggestion
- [#11795](https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-extension/pull/11795): Autofocus the Amount field on the Send screen
```

> - [#11889](https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-extension/pull/11889): Update gas controls copy

Reviewer 2: "copy" isn't a word that I'd expect users to understand, and it seems ambiguous.
```suggestion
- [#11889](https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-extension/pull/11889): Improve gas controls descriptions
```

> - [#11805](https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-extension/pull/11805): Update tooltip text for gas fees

Reviewer 2: We could describe this better I think
```suggestion
- [#11805](https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-extension/pull/11805): Update tooltip text for gas fees to avoid referring to custom networks as "Ethereum".
```

> - [#11796](https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-extension/pull/11796): Update Max Fee label in the edit gas display

Reviewer 2: It's unclear to me from reading that PR what has changed about this label :thinking:

Author: I've made an effort to make this clearer

Reviewer 2: Thanks, that sounds OK to me!

- [#11845](https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-extension/pull/11845): Wrapping and unwrapping native currencies (e.g. ETH -> WETH) through Swaps now uses the wrapping contracts directly

> - [#12056](https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-extension/pull/12056): Updated labels and behaviour of duplicate cancel buttons on the send screen when editing a transaction

Author: lgtm

### Fixed

> - [#12140](https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-extension/pull/12140): Fixed max priority fee field so that there are not errors when attempting to enter more than 15 significant digits

Author: updated

> - [#12169](https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-extension/pull/12169): Fixed erroneous ERC-20 Token amount on the confirmation screen

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [#12169](https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-extension/pull/12169): Fix handling of erroneous ERC-20 Token amount on the confirmation screen
  - Previously, if you entered a token amount with too many decimal places, it would corrupt the token amount in the transaction. Now we truncate any decimals beyond what the token allows instead.
```

> - [#12074](https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-extension/pull/12074): Fixed the addition of a duplicate, zero-balance account after importing a wallet with seed phrase

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [#12074](https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-extension/pull/12074): Prevent the addition of a duplicate, zero-balance account after importing a wallet with seed phrase
```

> - [#11944](https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-extension/pull/11944): Fixed import account page layout

Reviewer 2: This does not seem like a bug fix - this is a design improvement.
```suggestion
- [#11944](https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-extension/pull/11944): Improve the "Import account" page layout
```

Author: updated

> - [#11967](https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-extension/pull/11967): Fixed contact settings layout issues

Reviewer 2: My impression is that the thing fixed here is primarily the display of long contact names. This might be a better description:
```suggestion
- [#11967](https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-extension/pull/11967): Fix the display of long contact names on the contact settings pages.
```

> - [#12122](https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-extension/pull/12122): Fixed stuck speedup transactions caused by prior failed speed up attempts

Reviewer 2: Suggested wording improvement:
```suggestion
- [#12122](https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-extension/pull/12122): Ensure failed speedups don't prevent further speedup attempts, and hide the Base Fee and Priority Fee fields when we don't have that information
```

> - [#12098](https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-extension/pull/12098): Fixed scrolling input issue in advanced gas options

Reviewer 2: This seems more like a UX improvement :thinking: 

I don't think it's correct to describe this as fixing a scrolling issue. This PR _adds_ scrolling. Suggested rewording:
```suggestion
- [#12098](https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-extension/pull/12098): Scroll down to show all fields when "Advanced options" is toggled in the advanced gas options
```

Author: updated

> - [#11963](https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-extension/pull/11963): Fixed scrolling issue in accounts dropdown

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [#11963](https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-extension/pull/11963): Show scrollbar in the accounts menu
  - This makes the accounts list scrollable for users with no mouse scroll wheel. 
```

> - [#12058](https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-extension/pull/12058): Fixed clipping issue with long network names (header)

Reviewer 2: Nit: The tense is wrong here, and I think calling this the network dropdown would be clearer than "(header)".
```suggestion
- [#12058](https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-extension/pull/12058): Fix clipping issue with long network names in the network dropdown
```

> - [#12039](https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-extension/pull/12039): Fixed padding issue at bottom of custom network form in popup view

Reviewer 2: Updated to clarify what the padding issue was
```suggestion
- [#12039](https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-extension/pull/12039): Add missing padding at the bottom of the custom network form in the popup view
```

> - [#11890](https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-extension/pull/11890): Fixed horizontal line for gas recommendations

Reviewer 2: Updated to explain what was fixed
```suggestion
- [#11890](https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-extension/pull/11890): Fix alignment of horizontal line shown under gas recommendations
```

## [Unreleased]

## [10.2.0]
### Added

> - [#11552](https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-extension/pull/11552): Integrating new TokenRatesController to expand fiat conversion rates for some non-Mainnet networks

Reviewer 2: The work described here was done in #12066 :thinking: #11552 was a prerequisite, but it wasn't a user-facing change.

- [#12074](https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-extension/pull/12074): Fixed the addition of a duplicate, zero-balance account after importing a wallet with seed phrase
- [#11944](https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-extension/pull/11944): Fixed import account page layout
- [#11967](https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-extension/pull/11967): Fixed contact settings layout issues
- [#12122](https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-extension/pull/12122): Fixed issue with stuck speedup transactions
- [#12098](https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-extension/pull/12098): Fixed scrolling input issue in advanced gas options
- [#11963](https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-extension/pull/11963): Fixed scrolling issue in accounts dropdown
- [#12058](https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-extension/pull/12058): Fixed clipping issue with long network names (header)
- [#12039](https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-extension/pull/12039): Fixed padding issue at bottom of custom network form in popup view
- [#11890](https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-extension/pull/11890): Fixed horizontal line for gas recommendations

> - [#11787](https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-extension/pull/11787): Fixed advanced gas form display issue when there are errors

Reviewer 2: This is missing from the v10 changelog for some reason though :thinking: It should be added there.

> - [#11787](https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-extension/pull/11787): Fixed advanced gas form display issue when there are errors

Reviewer 2: Huh. All of the ones I just suggested that you remove were omitted from the changelog.

> - [#11787](https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-extension/pull/11787): Fixed advanced gas form display issue when there are errors

Author: Yeah looks like we need to go back and amend prior version entries

## [Unreleased]

## [10.2.0]
### Added

> - [#11552](https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-extension/pull/11552): Integrating new TokenRatesController to expand fiat conversion rates for some non-Mainnet networks

Reviewer 3: Sorry I know this was verbiage I gave you but just small nit change here:

```suggestion
- [#11552](https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-extension/pull/11552): Integrating new TokenRatesController to enable fiat conversion rates for some non-Mainnet networks
```

Author: done thanks!
